Hey guys.
Welcome back.
OK.
So this is the follow along, if you want to see what I did,
you can look at the list that I made for my direct,
indirect, and then just adjacent competitor accounts.
So I did 140-ish, maybe 135, I just did it from bouncing
around from account to account to account to account.
Yeah, I got distracted by some accounts,
but I just kept using that "find similar" one,
and then occasionally I go to the search and search
for some keywords to see if I can find other ones.
I also looked at who the accounts were following.
Sometimes that helps, because a lot of times
people follow people who are in a similar space.
And this is what I kind of came up with, and it's not exact,
I think that anytime you make a decision to reach
out to somebody or to look at their stuff, you'll
spend some time thinking about them.
So there might be some in here that are not direct competitors.
I just thought these are the ones that are most similar.
These are the ones that are similar-ish.
And then the last ones are just ones that are in the space,
but don't really have that much to do with what I'm doing.
So as you can see there's just a bunch, and over
here I put followers, then I put daily posts.
Now, daily posts, again, not entirely accurate, because
I was just basing it off of the last day they
posted, how many did they post that day,
but it does give you somewhat of an idea.
Although I did oftentimes see, if you said like three posts,
I would think that was very active, but then I looked at it,
I would just say, oh, but they don't actually post daily.
They just posted three some other time. What's useful
over here is I put them in links. Now, because
they're in links I can very quickly go and check them out.
So this one is a huge account, so we can go over to that. I can
just click it, I go to a new tab, and look at them - 2.2 million.
And I can just check it and then see what exactly is their thing.
As you can see, they kind of have bad aesthetics.
They really seem to switch between
different types of text, lettering.
They also seem to use this really standard meme style, there's
a lot of these meme generators out there you can use, and
they give you this white text, and you throw it on there,
and people, for whatever reason, are just used to it,
but I think it looks crappy.
You notice that they also do shoutouts.
So this is something we'll talk about later.
Shoutout is when you post something
from someone else's account.
So like, right here, this is not theirs,
because you can see @lylecoram,
and then they said "by Lyle Coram."
So whether or not they did that for money,
they did that for a trade or whatever,
we'll kind of explore that later on,
but that shows that they're at least
open to posting other people's stuff.
The only issue I see here is that they have a lot of
followers, so that's something that we'll have to kind
of figure out later on, if it's worth working with them,
especially as our account won't be that large for a while.
So, okay.
You know, you can check them out, and I can
put links, I can put some comments here.
So for them I would say "low quality posts,
meme based, do shoutouts."
OK, so that's useful later on.
I can come back to that.
Now, there's other ones that they just didn't
have a lot of followers or they were just dead.
So a lot of times there are ones who are just not active.
I put them anyway, just because why not?
They're similar enough, I could go to them and check them
out. If I can only pick ones that were active right this second,
then this process would have taken a lot more
time. As I go and I notice that, hey, these don't,
these are not actually active accounts,
I'll start removing them and kind of pruning this
list a little bit more. So here's one that has 30 posts,
let's see when the last one was - 2 days ago. Okay, so
surprisingly, they actually are active. Daily tech and business
motivation for billionaires in the making, I've this
one 101 times. And it looks like they're kind of
just posting the same stuff that everybody else does.
So this one is worth keeping track of as they grow.
They might be interesting and they might be doing
something that might be interesting or worth following.
Now, down here, you'll notice those two ones I
picked are really very similar to what I'm doing.
Innovations and technology, that was emerging tech, and that
was Awesome Inventions, pretty similar. Let's say down here,
like if we went to @educational_innovations, I consider
them indirect because they're actually more of
like a teacher thing, it looks like it's
for kids who are in science class.
So it's very specific, and they're also not particularly
aggressive about growing their account.
It's more like they're trying to just
promote this company website.
It's not like they're trying to make a themed
account, doing the exact same thing I'm doing.
Yeah, and these are all just, "Hey, look at this
funky thing that happens. Isn't physics fun?"
Right?
OK.
So that's a pretty good example of an indirect.
I definitely could possibly work with them for marketing,
but you'll notice as you scroll through it, I don't
actually see they post anybody else's stuff.
It might be the case that they delete their stuff, but no.
So I can put over here,
"Probably not a business account."
I said "No sharing of other posts"-  that I can see at least.
OK.
Other ones I put, you'll notice, let's say, things like "mostly
quotes." Quotes are fine, it's easy to work with that,
it's just that they're probably something that I want to
balance out, because I'm only doing quotes every
now and then, and that's only because I use it as
filler at the very beginning, and I'm probably going
to notice whether or not quotes get
good engagement pretty quickly.
So again, that's one thing that I'm kind of keeping in
mind, not really worth following a lot of the quote
makers. Other accounts in the space were just ones that
I was kind of going off of "I think these people would also
be interested in what I have."
So like @letsdesigndaily, dedicated innovations and innovators
that are creating change, challenging... blah blah blah.
OK.
These are more for specific design items.
So this is something like IDEO or a company
that makes product design innovations.
That's really just a smaller subset.
I generally think this is complimentary.
I'm talking about medical breakthroughs and new
technology, like quantum computing and Bitcoin,
and this is more like, "Hey, look, an ergonomic chair!"
But still, these people probably
are going to like what I'm posting.
So that's something worth keeping in mind.
They also seem to have good aesthetics.
So they do collage photos or carousel photos.
So there's just a lot of them, and they're very clean and nice.
Yeah.
OK.
So that's a pretty good snapshot of ones that are
very similar, almost doing the exact same thing,
ones that are slightly off, and then ones that I think
have groups that are interested in what I'm doing,
like @entrepreneurship, for instance.
Not exactly the same thing, but there is someone that
I can either learn from or collaborate with in the future.
Okay, so that list took a couple of hours, to be honest,
to put that together, but it's incredibly useful, and
I'm going to keep going back to it later on in the course
as we grow the account. Okay, see you next lecture.